Prep 0.2.0 Release (#23)
PrefectHQ/prefect-snowflake: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Added

### Changed

### Deprecated

### Removed

### Fixed

### Security

## 0.2.0

> Released on August 12th, 2022.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Released on August 15th, 2022.
```

Reviewer: Can we also add a line describing the breaking change that we made and what code updates need to be made?

## Unreleased

### Added

### Changed

### Deprecated

### Removed

### Fixed

### Security

## 0.2.0
Released on August 15th, 2022.

> Note, with this release, fields from `SnowflakeCredentials` are migrated to `SnowflakeConnector`:
> ```

Reviewer: I'd like to explicitly call out the fields, but I'm less sure about the breaking changes header.
```suggestion
### Breaking Changes

Note, with this release, the `database`, `warehouse` and `schema` fields from `SnowflakeCredentials` have been migrated to `SnowflakeConnector`:
```
```
